OSDOCS-13798 Adding user-specified identities to Azure (#93377)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/minimum-required-permissions-ipi-azure.adoc

====
* `Microsoft.Authorization/policies/audit/action`
* `Microsoft.Authorization/policies/auditIfNotExists/action`
* `Microsoft.Authorization/roleAssignments/read`

> * `Microsoft.Authorization/roleAssignments/write`

Reviewer: So now these two perms are technically "optional" but are required with the default install config settings...

* `Microsoft.Resources/subscriptions/resourcegroups/write`
====

> .Required permissions for using a user-assigned identity

Author: Thanks, I fixed it

> .Optional permissions for using a user-assigned identity

Reviewer: Perhaps

```suggestion
.Optional permissions for attaching an existing user-assigned identity to a node
```

The following permissions are required for deleting an {product-title} cluster on {azure-full}. You can use the same permissions to delete a private {product-title} cluster on {azure-short}.

.Required permissions for deleting authorization resources
[%collapsible]
====
* `Microsoft.Authorization/roleAssignments/delete`

> ====

Reviewer: Similar to other comments, this is now needed when the installer creates an identity (default)
